Welcome to the project. In this project, we're going to create a Google clone using Next.js and Tailwind
CSS
As you can see from the final version of the project, we have three parts in the home page, including
a header.
A search form and also a footer.
Inside the header, we can authenticate the users.
If we click on this sign-in button,
we're going to be redirected to another page, which gives us the ability to sign in with Google.
Here we can choose one of our Gmail accounts.
For example, this one.
Which is going to sign us in with our Google account and we get the image here from Google.
Here we have a search form in the center.
We can search for anything we want.
For example, a search for next js.
As soon as we press enter, we get the results from Google Search API.
By using server side rendering technique, the response would be very fast and almost in real time.
We can get the results in two categories web and images, as you can see in these two options,
as a default,
We see the web result, which includes title.
Link.
And also this snippet.
At the end of the page, we have pagination here by clicking on the next button.
We see the next 10 results.
Now even we can go back to the previous results by clicking on the previous button.
The other option is the image tap here.
If we click on this tab, we can see the image results related to the same term that we have already
searched.
That was in our case next js.
Here, we also have pagination at the end, and also our page is completely responsive.
If we zoom here, we see that the number of columns are changed depending on the Zoom level.
So we're going to achieve this using the Tailwind CSS grid system.
On the homepage, if you click on this icon.
We have a button called I'm Feeling Lucky.
This button allows us to see the search results for a random word.
This random word is created using a random word API that we are going to learn in this project.
So let's test this one by clicking on this button.
You can see that we we already searched for a random word.
And we are getting the same result, the same pattern, like we're getting the web and images like before.
Let's test this one again.
with clicking on the I'm Feeling Lucky button again.
Now we are getting another term.
All this Google clone website is styled using Tailwind CSS latest version, which is now version 3.0,
and the entire source code is available in this GitHub repository, which you can find inside the resource
section.
You can also have a preview of the project from this URL.
google-v3.100jsprojects.com
In the next section, we're going to install Next.js and Tailwind CSS, and we create the beginning
template. So, see you in the next section.